a year
and a half since I left my parents' embrace. I've been living away from home for
about 10 years now. I'm living alone. I've been a
foreigner for 31 years and I feel
terribly homesick. I feel like I want to
rush back and hug my parents. I miss them so much. I'm
celebrating Tet (Vietnamese New Year) with them, and I'm still with my family. My
mother only hopes for
more because when it's over, I'm not too
busy. The road is long and winding, I'm drunk, but I'm
waiting for you, Mom, because I
miss your words, your laughter, your voice, your cool voice. I
still remember the joy of being apart.
[Music]
My name is Linh, I'm 22 years old and
currently studying abroad in South
Korea. My name is Thuong, I was born in
1991. Currently, I work as a
Chinese translator in Hanoi.
My name is Nguyen Thi Huong Dieu, I'm
from Phu Tho. Currently, I'm a
teacher. My name is Nguyen Thi Yen,
I was born in 1967. I live in Hai Phong.
[Music]
Congratulations on leaving the embrace of my parents. It's been
a year and a half since I left my parents' embrace.
I've been living away from home for about 10 years now.  For
10 years now, I've been feeling frustrated,
and my parents have been living abroad for
31 years now.
[Music] My
parents and family still keep in
touch and call home regularly. I
only call my dad occasionally,
but my mom calls me more often. I've called them
more often since I was a student until
university. I didn't
call home as often then; only my parents
called me. Recently,
I've been busy with work,
part-time jobs, and studies, so I only call my parents about
2-3 times a week.
[Music]
During those times, I
often think about my family and share
more with my mom. My mom is always there for
me and helps
me a lot. My dad is quite
talkative and doesn't often express
his thoughts, so I don't
often share those things
with anyone
else besides my mom. I only talk to her on the phone,
but I don't confide
in her much.
It was Tet last year, 6 years ago, and 715 is already
sad. Going back to my parents like that,
they think they don't know when they'll have the
chance to go back and celebrate. Yes, at
that time, I cried so much,
missing the hugs and the feeling of Tet. Setting up the tent and celebrating
Tet with family... every time I think
about that moment on New
Year's Eve, everyone from my hometown together, I feel so happy. It's not just about drinking on New Year's Eve, because it's very difficult to have
time for the whole family to sit
together when I'm in Vietnam.
So, New Year's Eve is always a night
that feels complete. It's really
sad,
I feel terribly homesick, I
feel like I want to rush back and hug my parents and spend time with them. For
me, in my memory,
my Tet was quite complete, nothing
was lacking, I always
felt very fulfilled. I was able to
stay home and wear nice clothes this Tet,
especially with the Galaxy, receiving lucky money and going out. But
actually...  My parents must have had a very hard time, and we did
n't have much to eat. All
day long it was just rice, vegetables, and beans.
Even though our family was very poor, it was
so joyful to have my parents, siblings, and I together. I really like the
moment when, on New Year's Eve, we
could see fireworks from three different directions from our house. So, at times
like that, my family would gather around the
window, and my dad would hug my
mom and us three children, then we'd just stand there in
silence. But it was truly a
very happy moment, especially
when I was far away in another country
and remembered my family and those
moments of
hugging and being together like
that. Back then, our family was
struggling financially. Even on the 29th of Tet (Lunar New Year), my
mom hadn't said she'd buy new clothes. I
remember it was on the 30th of Tet when
she finally took me to buy some. At that time, most of the
shops were
closed, except for
one shop run by my
sister.  My younger sibling still remembers
buying a new jacket. You think
Mom was saving up money
to buy me a new jacket so I could have a new one to wear
for Tet (Vietnamese New Year). I've never been
disappointed in Mom; she's always worried about her
children and family. Before, Mom
might not have had clothes to wear for Tet, so during
those days, Mom would buy me
new clothes. Sometimes, when Mom was sitting
with everyone,
[music], for
example, everyone would be a
little bit red, but Mom always had that
image of her, like she was
writing about how hard life was.
Sometimes I think about what would happen
if Mom wasn't here anymore one day.
I'm very afraid of the feeling of loss,
and I don't dare think about the
day I lose my father and
Mom.
Honestly, firstly, I
want to convey what I want to tell my parents: "
Yes,
Dad said it,
Mom knows, son. We love you very much, but that does
n't mean we don't love you
very much."
I hope that...
I will do my best to make my
family happy, and I will try my
best. Even if I
can't come home to my family, actually,
before, I always
thought I needed to thank my parents. I always
thought it was my
mother's responsibility, and I'm
sorry for being so thoughtless before. I
won't do that anymore. I'm brave and
grateful to my parents. In
today's life, despite
poverty, with my parents' guidance,
I can be independent now. I really
hope that in the future, if my parents
have any wishes, they will let
me know. "
Hello, Mom, where are you? Are you
filming?
Don't say it out loud, okay? I'm
sorry, Mom."
[Laughs]
Thank you, I'm
proud to have you.
Thanks to the guidance of my teacher and my homeroom teacher, I am where I am
today. I am truly
happy, incredibly happy, and I
also hope you will apply what you
have learned from your teacher and your homeroom teacher
to benefit the world.
Yes.  If you haven't had enough time to return to the temple, during your time
working at the school,
try to love your students as your
mother loved you in the past.
[Music]
[Applause]
[Applause] [
Music]
Let me go home on a rainy day.
[Music]
In my heart,
when
[Music] spring
arrives, the sun shines brightly, bringing with it a
drizzle.
People on the street are rushing about, avoiding distant paths.
That's
why I
miss my mother so much. I'm sure I
should hope my grandfather comes home soon. That's all.
Finally, I'm with the whole family. The
rabbit in my heart, before my mother, I only hope for
more because when it truly comes, unexpectedly, when the
clouds open up, I get to be drunk, how
much I'm intoxicated. What is it, mother, wait for me, because I really
miss the chanting, the laughter, the voice, the
warm and refreshing words. I still remember the joyful separation.
[Music]
[Applause]
Yes,yes.